true love
[Music]
that's a gift unlike any other
it's all scary until you just do it
so why not just do it
[Music]
this is your captain welcoming you to
wyman air flight 227
you remember those lessons i used to
give you you ready to give it a go
make sure that the horizon stays level
right here i'm going to turn off the
autopilot
look bruh
he's having a heart attack it's okay
we have no pilot the autopilot's broken
we have no idea where we are
neither of us can land a plane hello can
anyone hear me this is a distress
come in call is two two seven you still
got it in the air so keep doing what
you're doing
holy look at that i see the storm
it's too big to go around you're gonna
have to play through it
that's our shot no going back let's get
off this planet
[Music]
you